#Tips for the loading screen
Avoid Eldritch Obelisks unless ready to fight
Pam's gardens can be picked up with right-clicking with an empty hand
Pam's gardens spread to nearby blocks with time
Pam's water gardens can grow on land
Battlegear slots are convenient for weapon holding
Using too many Translocators can cause TPS lag
Build multiblocks within the same chunk or chunk load them properly
Flint and steel actually requires steel
Tinker's tools can level up: More modifiers and level bonus
Tinker's faucets can pour fluids into containers
Found a bug? Report it on GitHub
Furnaces cannot smelt metal
Rupert sometimes regrets making a recipe too hard
Weeds spread to empty crop sticks and destroy other crops
Max warp can spawn real withers right in yo face
You can bookmark items in NEI with 'A' (by default)
Do not upgrade your backpack with important stuff inside
Remember to check if you have fuel to get home before launching your rocket
Use the lightning from Twilight Forest Portal and cursed earth creation to your advantage
Only losers run away from a fight
See spots where mobs can spawn with PageDown (by default)
See chunk borders with PageUp (by default)
How many circuits have you crafted in your life?
All you had to do was to follow the damn quest line, CJ!
Click on an item in the quest book to show its recipe in NEI
Varying foods gives extra hearts
Mining ores in The Nether agitate nearby Zombie Pigman
Automate EVERYTHING!
Do you also watch your oven while baking food?
There's always something else you can do while waiting
Spend your money on land... It's the American Dream
Learn how to bee breed
You can build giant moving water or air ships
Only logout when you're in a safe location
Health regens slowly
Water is not infinite
Hungry nodes are ruthless
Drive fast, die last
Extra utilities is the earliest way to get an infinite water source and cobble generator
It is recommended to follow the quests as it explains some modpack-specific mechanics
Mining ores in the nether angers zombie pigmen
Tinkers crossbows are the best weapons ever
Over 1,200 in-depth quests that are meant to challenge and reward you
Land costs $1,000 for the first chunk then $100 for each adjacent chunk
Chunk loaders cost $200, load a 3x3 chunk area, and require $1 for every 12 hours of operation
Some items are only purchasable with cash in the quest book
Vanilla farming has a 50% chance of dropping nothing when harvesting crops
Hold Shift over a Tinker's Pattern or Cast to view the enabled materials
Some Thermal Expansion Machines do not have Augments in them when crafted
Some Advanced Rocketry Multiblocks are disabled because they are recursive with already existing mods
Most of Extra Utilities Generators need to be purchased using a token
Applied Energistics Meteors are disabled.
Passive mobs will attack you in numbers if attacked
Ores spawns have been balanced and re-worked
After eating 100 food items, Spice-of-life mod takes effect and you need to vary your food intake
Heath takes much longer to heal
If an item is not showing up in NEI, it's most likely disabled
You can raid your local villages for books before you can make them yourself.
You can safely use any coal or coal coke you find to make torches.
Beef wellington is a really good meal early on. The footlongs are also pretty decent and easy once you have eggs.
Oil wells are not infinite. There may be a couple thousand buckets, but they will dry out eventually.
Horse are life, get yourself a saddle. Remember that you can put a chest on a donkey.
Play with friends.
Craft at stacks at a time... You will need it.
Find your playstyle.
Paperbark trees are an easy way to get early game paper.
Bring a scoop with you when you mine. You might not get into bees for a while but, when you do, you'll be happy you grabbed them.
Jetpack + Hang Glider = Perfection
Don't rush. Period. You will burn out. Make yourself a Clipboard from Bibliocraft and keep a list of projects.
Don't be afraid to tear down huge sections of your base because you found an easier way to do something.
